Question:What are the various Registration options? Answer:Online registrations – Visit www.thechennaimarathon.com to register.
Question:Bulk / Corporate registrations [more than 25 registrations]? Answer: Write to us via Contact Us or email corporateregistration@chennairunners.in.
Question:I made the payment online, but no confirmation mail generated? Answer:Kindly email info@thechennaimarathon.com with payment details and date. If payment is registered, a confirmation email will be resent. (Gmail: check Promotions tab.)
Question:I have made the payment online, received confirmation mail but no BIB number generated? Answer:Yes, this year the BIB numbers are generated after closure of registration. You can have the reference number for any communication. You will receive the BIB number closer to the race day.
Question:Can I change the race category? Answer:The details will be updated shortly. Visit our website to get more details.
Question:What about cancellation and refund of registration fee? Answer:We do understand that unforeseen circumstances might force you to withdraw from the race. But unfortunately, no cancellations or refunds will be entertained. In case of your application getting rejected by Race Organizers, full refund will be initiated (Bank Charges Applicable).
Question:Can I register for a friend/family member? Answer:Yes. You can choose the number of registrations you wanted to do against each category and proceed with adding all Attendee details. You can also use the Add Runner Option to register your friend / family member. In such registrations, we recommend you fill right details and explain to them about the Medical Information you are filling with the Health Declaration / Waiver you are accepting on their behalf.
Question:What will I get after registering for the marathon? Answer:A running number bib (without which you will not be allowed on the course) with an electronic timing chip; a race T-shirt & goodie bag, a finisher’s medal and a hearty breakfast. On race day you can also expect baggage handling, on-course hydration, medical support, and of course a great running experience.
Question:Can someone else collect the Bib and race kit on my behalf? Answer:Yes, you can have a friend/colleague/family member collect the bib and Marathon kit on your behalf. However, the representative needs to produce the following, Answer:An authorization letter signed by participant directing us to hand over the kit to the representative. Answer:A photocopy of the representative's ID proof (Driving license, Passport, School/ College identity card, PAN card, Voters ID, Aadhar card)
Question:Will there be any transportation back from IMU to the Start-line? Answer:Yes, there would be limited buses available in the IMU for transporting runners back to the start-line. Please look for signages at the finish point in IMU.
Question:Can I collect the Race Kit on the race day? Answer:No, the bib and the race kit needs to be collected at the Expo. Details of Expo will be shared shortly.
Question:Will transport be arranged from India Maritime University, Uthandi? Answer:Limited transport buses will be available for Half Marathon, Twenty Miler and Full Marathon finishers
Question:Can I transfer my registration to a friend / family member? Answer:No. Freshworks Chennai Marathon 2026 registration is non-transferrable.
Question:How do we contact you directly? Answer:For any queries or clarification, reach out to us via email to info@thechennaimarathon.com.