Please choose the event carefully, confirmed registrations are non-refundable. You will have an option to change the Event Category after registration. The minimum age eligibility for various events is as follows:
10 km: 16 years (born on or before 4th January 2010)
21 km: 18 years (born on or before 4th January 2008)
32 km: 18 years (born on or before 4th January 2008)
42 km: 18 years (born on or before 4th January 2008)
Proof of age shall be submitted by all participants while collecting their Bib. Runners under the age of 18 years must written consent of their Parent or Guardian which will be submitted during bib collection.
Please provide us with a secure email address that you can access regularly, as email communication will be our primary means of contacting you during the run up to the Event. Users of email services that offer filtering / blocking of messages from unknown email address should add info@thechennaimarathon.com to their address list.
The Organizers will contact the runners by email / SMS / WhatsApp. Any notice sent to the email address registered with the Organizers shall be deemed as received by the runners.
By registering for any of the events, you acknowledge and accept that you are aware that long distance running is an extreme sport and can be injurious to body and health. You take full responsibility for participating in the Freshworks Chennai Marathon 2026 and do not hold the Organizers of the Freshworks Chennai Marathon 2026, Chennai Runners or other organizing persons or entities responsible for any injury or accident.
Irrespective of your age and fitness status, it is recommended that you consult your physician and undergo complete medical examination to assess your suitability to participate in the Event.
You agree that you are aware of all risks associated with participating in this Event including, but not limited to, falls, contact with other participants, the effects of the weather, including high heat or humidity, traffic and the condition of the road, arson or terrorist threats and all other risks associated with a public event.
You agree that Freshworks Chennai Marathon 2026 Organizing Committee, Chennai Runners and associated companies or entities that organize the Event shall not be liable for any loss, damage, illness or injury that might occur as a result of your participation in the Event.
You agree to abide by the instructions provided by the Organizers from time to time in the best interest of your health and Event safety.
You agree to dress appropriately for the Event. Inappropriate clothing includes, but not limited to, clothing or gear dangerous to other participants, unpleasant to other participants, carrying messages containing political or religious propaganda and advertising an individual name or organization that the Event Organizer does not acknowledge.
You agree that you will not use the event to promote or communicate by any means political or religious propaganda and advertising an individual name or organization that the Event Organizer does not acknowledge.
You also agree to stop running if instructed by the Event Organizers or the medical staff or by the aid station volunteers.
Copyright of images, photographs, articles, race records, and location information, covering the Event, and their usage right for TV broadcasting, newspapers, magazines and the Internet, belongs to the Event Organizer. Aforementioned copyright includes but not limited to names and other personal information such as age and address of participants mentioned in the article covering the event. You confirm that your name and media recordings taken during your participation may be used to publicize the Event at any time by the Organizers.
You acknowledge and agree that your personal information can be stored and used by Chennai Runners or any other company in connection with the organization, promotion and administration of the Event and for the compilation of statistical information.
You confirm that, in the event of adverse weather conditions, major incidents or threats on the day, the organizers reserve the right to stop/cancel/postpone the Event. You understand that confirmed registrations and merchandise orders are non- refundable, non-transferable and cannot be modified.
The organizers reserve the right to reject any application without providing reasons. Any amount collected from rejected applications alone will be refunded in full (excluding bank charges wherever applicable).
Freshworks Chennai Marathon 2026 Team will communicate the Cut Off and Event Closure time before the race day. Participants will not be allowed to stay on the course beyond the stipulated cut-off time for an event.
It is mandatory for confirmed participants to visit the Expo to collect their running bib. If a participant is unable to attend the Expo due to unavoidable reasons, an authorized representative may collect the running bib on their behalf. Detailed instructions in this regard will be sent by email in due course to all participants.
We will be sending regular updates to your registered mobile number as well. This should not be treated as spam and you shall not take any action against our bulk sms / whatsapp / email service provider and / or the organizers and partners.